parentsteachers.md, before:

---
layout: page 
title: "Educators/Parents"
description: "Questions for Educators & Parents" 
group: navigation
category: CTF 
tags: [faq,ctf]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

	What, Why, Why and Where?

## What is this event all about?
 
This is an information security challenge. In the industry it would be called a hacking challenge.
 
### Yeah, but what does that mean?

Ever seen *Sneakers*?

### Be serious.
 
It means that participants will engage in a series of challenges that reflect real-world information security scenarios. They will do things that information security professionals do every day, except they will do so in a closed, monitored environment with professional mentorship.
 
These challenges may involve tasks like:
* monitoring network traffic for valuable information
* discovering security vulnerabilities in server software
* locating hidden or obscured information
* understanding and using modern cryptographic and/or steganographic techniques

## Where will this happen?
 
Online, but also in conjunction with the Twin Falls High School. We will have a classroom of computers available for use.
 
## Who can participate?
 
Our primary audience is students, however, anyone from the community is welcome to participate
 
### “Hacking challenge” sounds scary.
 
**Editorializing:** We believe that this is, for the most part, due to a lack of understanding. Most people think of hackers as people who break into computers and steal stuff or break things. Computers are complicated (definitely!) and scary and hackers know things about them that people watching the news, or even the people reporting the news,  typically don’t know.
 
From a more specific, computer security point of view, hackers are those individuals who both create and test secure computer systems. Testing secure systems, basically, involves breaking into secure systems. Understanding why some security techniques work and some do not involves understanding the nature of previous failures. There’s no better way to learn this than by doing.
 
Noted programmer and venture capitalist Paul Graham defines ‘hacker’ [(1)](http://www.paulgraham.com/gba.html), as understood by other hackers, to be someone who can make a computer do whatever they want, even if it wasn’t intended to do the thing they’re trying to do. From this point of view, hackers are inventors. This would make sense, since Mr. Graham’s entire career has been based around inventing and inspiring others to invent.
 
Of course it’s also a really good way to get a well-paying job, for a good company, at nearly anywhere on earth, doing interesting and rewarding work. There are millions of information security jobs around the globe, including a few here in tiny little Twin Falls, Idaho.

Commit message:

Add Chris Eagle and John L. Clark quote to Educators/Parents page.

parentsteachers.md, after:

---
layout: page 
title: "Educators/Parents"
description: "Questions for Educators & Parents" 
group: navigation
category: CTF 
tags: [faq,ctf]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

	Proactive vulnerability analysis on existing systems is lacking from the modern computer security curriculum. Students do not learn how to locate and fix design, configuration, and application flaws in existing systems.  Exercises such as Capture-the-Flag (CTF) teach these skills. As such, CTF fills a critical void in Information Security education. - Chris Eagle, and John L. Clark
   
Chris Eagle, and John L. Clark - [Capture-the-Flag: Learning Computer Security Under Fire](http://cisr.nps.edu/events/downloads/WECS6/wecs6_ch04.pdf)

## What is this event all about?
 
This is an information security challenge. In the industry it would be called a hacking challenge.
 
### Yeah, but what does that mean?

Ever seen *Sneakers*?

### Be serious.
 
It means that participants will engage in a series of challenges that reflect real-world information security scenarios. They will do things that information security professionals do every day, except they will do so in a closed, monitored environment with professional mentorship.
 
These challenges may involve tasks like:
* monitoring network traffic for valuable information
* discovering security vulnerabilities in server software
* locating hidden or obscured information
* understanding and using modern cryptographic and/or steganographic techniques

## Where will this happen?
 
Online, but also in conjunction with the Twin Falls High School. We will have a classroom of computers available for use.
 
## Who can participate?
 
Our primary audience is students, however, anyone from the community is welcome to participate
 
### “Hacking challenge” sounds scary.
 
**Editorializing:** We believe that this is, for the most part, due to a lack of understanding. Most people think of hackers as people who break into computers and steal stuff or break things. Computers are complicated (definitely!) and scary and hackers know things about them that people watching the news, or even the people reporting the news,  typically don’t know.
 
From a more specific, computer security point of view, hackers are those individuals who both create and test secure computer systems. Testing secure systems, basically, involves breaking into secure systems. Understanding why some security techniques work and some do not involves understanding the nature of previous failures. There’s no better way to learn this than by doing.
 
Noted programmer and venture capitalist Paul Graham defines ‘hacker’ [(1)](http://www.paulgraham.com/gba.html), as understood by other hackers, to be someone who can make a computer do whatever they want, even if it wasn’t intended to do the thing they’re trying to do. From this point of view, hackers are inventors. This would make sense, since Mr. Graham’s entire career has been based around inventing and inspiring others to invent.
 
Of course it’s also a really good way to get a well-paying job, for a good company, at nearly anywhere on earth, doing interesting and rewarding work. There are millions of information security jobs around the globe, including a few here in tiny little Twin Falls, Idaho.
