participants.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Frequently Asked Questions for Participants"
description: "Information for participants"
group: navigation
tags: [faq,ctf]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

	Hacking challenge, May 4, 2013 TFHS

## What is this thing?

A [capture-the-flag](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capture_the_flag) style hacking contest, in the same vein as [CSAW CTF](https://csawctf.poly.edu/), [Stripe CTF](https://stripe-ctf.com/) and many others. Receive challenges, complete challenges, score points and learn new things.

## When and where?

May 4 at the Twin Falls High School.
There are several things yet to be decided, but it will occur in a computer lab, will begin in the morning and end some point in the evening. 

### How do I sign up?

Once we get a little closer to the event we'll have a more conventional signup form. But right now, you have to hack us to get signed up. Give it a try.

	ssh ctf@54.235.161.29
	04may13

## What sort of topics will the challenges cover?

A little bit of everything. We'll elaborate on this closer to the event, but there will likely be a number of Web-related topics, such as Javascript-related and PHP/dynamic site-related exploits, and cross-site scripting. Other topics you may want to look into are SQL injection, making yourself familiar with Wireshark and other network analysis tools, and maybe even a little bit of simple crypto. 



### I know a little about hacking/programming/networking but not very much. Can I participate?

Absolutely! The best way to learn is by doing. We'll have many challenges at many skill levels. There will most certainly be things you can do, and things you can learn.

We'll be on hand to help you learn how to beat our challenges, and we'd strongly encourage participants to help each other - not to just beat all the challenges, but to help each other learn how they work & how to defeat them.

### I know a lot about hacking/programming/networking. Can I participate?

Certainly. If you want, show up, break all of our challenges, call us noobs and go home. If you're that talented, we'd recommend showing up, breaking all our challenges and then helping other participants learn to break our challenges. Or even better yet, get in contact with us now and help us make challenges, and make the event better!

## What do I need to bring?

Everything is optional. We'll have lab systems you can use, and if you want to bring your own laptop, we'll have a place to set that up too.

## How about teams or individuals working together?

This event will likely be individuals working independently, and we won't have any formal teams. That said, we'd still like to encourage participation between individuals.

### So, about this cooperation thing…

We want to strongly encourage any cooperation between people to complete the challenges.

There's obviously a fine line here to be drawn between 'cooperation' and 'just showing someone how to beat a challenge.'  We're all reasonably intelligent folks and we'd like to think this will take care of itself.

Commit message:

Remove SSH registration information from participants page.  Add information about contacting Mr. T.

participants.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Frequently Asked Questions for Participants"
description: "Information for participants"
group: navigation
tags: [faq,ctf]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

	Hacking challenge, May 4, 2013 TFHS

## What is this thing?

A [capture-the-flag](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capture_the_flag) style hacking contest, in the same vein as [CSAW CTF](https://csawctf.poly.edu/), [Stripe CTF](https://stripe-ctf.com/) and many others. Receive challenges, complete challenges, score points and learn new things.

## When and where?

May 4 at the Twin Falls High School.
There are several things yet to be decided, but it will occur in a computer lab, will begin in the morning and end some point in the evening. 

### How do I sign up?

Talk with Mr. T at the highschool.  We'll distribute information through him.  You can also [contact us](about.html).

## What sort of topics will the challenges cover?

A little bit of everything. We'll elaborate on this closer to the event, but there will likely be a number of Web-related topics, such as Javascript-related and PHP/dynamic site-related exploits, and cross-site scripting. Other topics you may want to look into are SQL injection, making yourself familiar with Wireshark and other network analysis tools, and maybe even a little bit of simple crypto. 



### I know a little about hacking/programming/networking but not very much. Can I participate?

Absolutely! The best way to learn is by doing. We'll have many challenges at many skill levels. There will most certainly be things you can do, and things you can learn.

We'll be on hand to help you learn how to beat our challenges, and we'd strongly encourage participants to help each other - not to just beat all the challenges, but to help each other learn how they work & how to defeat them.

### I know a lot about hacking/programming/networking. Can I participate?

Certainly. If you want, show up, break all of our challenges, call us noobs and go home. If you're that talented, we'd recommend showing up, breaking all our challenges and then helping other participants learn to break our challenges. Or even better yet, get in contact with us now and help us make challenges, and make the event better!

## What do I need to bring?

Everything is optional. We'll have lab systems you can use, and if you want to bring your own laptop, we'll have a place to set that up too.

## How about teams or individuals working together?

This event will likely be individuals working independently, and we won't have any formal teams. That said, we'd still like to encourage participation between individuals.

### So, about this cooperation thing…

We want to strongly encourage any cooperation between people to complete the challenges.

There's obviously a fine line here to be drawn between 'cooperation' and 'just showing someone how to beat a challenge.'  We're all reasonably intelligent folks and we'd like to think this will take care of itself.
