resources.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Resources"
group: navigation
description: "CTF/Learning Resources"
---
{% include JB/setup %}

	"Proof that complicated stuff does not have to be so [darn] complicated." - en0

## Capture the Flag?
* [Wikipedia - Capture the flag](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capture_the_flag#Computer_security)
* [Capture-The-Flag: Learning Computer Security Under Fire (Naval Postgraduate School)](http://cisr.nps.edu/events/downloads/WECS6/wecs6_ch04.pdf)  

## Getting Started
* [So You Want to Be a Security Expert (Bruce Schneier)](http://www.schneier.com/essay-407.html)  
* [Getting a Start in the Security Industry (Spiderlabs)](http://blog.spiderlabs.com/2012/09/busting-down-the-door.html)  

## Careers
* [What are the career paths in the computer security field? (stackexchange)](http://security.stackexchange.com/questions/3772/what-are-the-career-paths-in-the-computer-security-field)  

## Going Further
* [Dan Guido's Capture the Flag Page](http://pentest.cryptocity.net/capture-the-flag/)  
* [Open Security Training](http://opensecuritytraining.info/)  
* [SecurityTube](http://www.securitytube.net/)  
* [Application Security and Vulnerability Analysis (Web Hacking)](http://pentest.cryptocity.net/web-hacking/)

Commit message:

Add Jon Erickson quote to resources page.

resources.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Resources"
group: navigation
description: "CTF/Learning Resources"
---
{% include JB/setup %}

	Like many other forms of art, hacking was often misunderstood. - Jon Erickson
Jon Erickson - [Hacking the Art of Exploitation](http://nostarch.com/hacking2.htm)

## Capture the Flag?
* [Wikipedia - Capture the flag](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capture_the_flag#Computer_security)
* [Capture-The-Flag: Learning Computer Security Under Fire (Naval Postgraduate School)](http://cisr.nps.edu/events/downloads/WECS6/wecs6_ch04.pdf)  

## Getting Started
* [So You Want to Be a Security Expert (Bruce Schneier)](http://www.schneier.com/essay-407.html)  
* [Getting a Start in the Security Industry (Spiderlabs)](http://blog.spiderlabs.com/2012/09/busting-down-the-door.html)  

## Careers
* [What are the career paths in the computer security field? (stackexchange)](http://security.stackexchange.com/questions/3772/what-are-the-career-paths-in-the-computer-security-field)  

## Going Further
* [Dan Guido's Capture the Flag Page](http://pentest.cryptocity.net/capture-the-flag/)  
* [Open Security Training](http://opensecuritytraining.info/)  
* [SecurityTube](http://www.securitytube.net/)  
* [Application Security and Vulnerability Analysis (Web Hacking)](http://pentest.cryptocity.net/web-hacking/)
